feat: :sparkles: `list_parquet_files()` and `list_parquet_datasets()` helpers (#272)
dp-next/registers2parquet: vignettes/fastreg.qmd

only re-converts registers whose source files have changed or if the
pipeline itself has been edited.

## Listing available Parquet files and datasets

To list what Parquet files or datasets are available, there's the

> helpful `list_parquet_files()` and `list_parquet_datasets()` functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To list what Parquet files or datasets are available, use the
`list_parquet_files()` and `list_parquet_datasets()` functions.
```

These look in the `fastreg.project_workdata_dir` and
`fastreg.project_rawdata_dir` directories (set with `options()`) for any
Parquet files following a specific pattern. See the function help docs

> for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Parquet files following a specific pattern. See the reference documentation
for more details.
```
